add(item.assets): clarify common practice in item.key naming (#1335)
radiantearth/stac-spec: commons/assets.md

The property `assets` is a dictionary of [Asset Objects](#asset-object), each with a unique key.
Each asset refers to data associated with the Item or Collection that can be downloaded or streamed.
In general, the keys don't have any meaning and are considered to be non-descriptive unique identifiers.

> The asset keys used by Items in a Collection should be a static and definite set.  This allows for effective usage of the [STAC Collection item\_assets field](../collection-spec.md#item_assets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The asset keys used by Items in a Collection should be a static and consistent set. This allows for effective usage of the [STAC Collection item\_assets field](../collection-spec.md#item_assets).
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The asset keys used by Items in a Collection should be a static and consistent set across all Items.
This allows for effective usage of the [STAC Collection `item_assets` field](../collection-spec.md#item_assets).
```
